---
layout: post
author: Bryce Crist (Mochamethod)
title: Who Am I?
--- 
## A long winded introspection:
### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Well, not sure where to start. Guess I could start with the myriad of events that have happened this last year and work from there.  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Let's see... I still work at the same job I did last year; I have gained some weight; I have started drinking more; my mom got cancer, but fought it and lived; my dad is working as hard as ever at a job that should pay him five times as much; I'm almost at my five year anniversary with the love of my life; I've improved my programming skills; I've made more work friends; the winter weather isn't as terrible this year, but because of the whole climate change situation that may not be for the best; cops are still frightening and basically only seem to serve as a guarantee for force and financial and social endangerment; Australia was burned to the ground; a new virus broke out in Asia and has now spread throughout the world threating the lives of thousands; and the POTUS is still as terrible as ever and the Senate has failed us. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite all the bad things that have happened, and because of the good, my year was actually kind of alright.   

-----

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I've been very introspective recently, and have been thinking a little too much about death and the universe. I'm getting older every day, and with it brings a little more happiness and a little more worry. Death, for me as a child, was a concept that I knew was a real thing, but it also was seemingly very far away from me. I don't have to think about death yet. I'm still young, right? Why should I worry? However, it wasn't until I was an adult -- that is to say until I had lost family members and friends, and had watched those around me age more and more and more -- that the idea really started to *click*. The idea that we're really, actually, only here for a limited amount of time and that's... it.  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;But in a way that's comforting. I can do what I need to do in this world. I can be the person I want to, and I can care for the people around me.   

But I guess the questions are:

Am I doing what I need to do?   
Am I being the person that I want to be?   
Am I caring for the people around me?  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I... think I am? Maybe that's a lie. But honestly, either I get better or I don't. And I know I'm going to have to do the things I have to do to be a better person. I'm taking the needed steps, but it's a long walk. However, I know that if I just keep moving forward; if I just keep working at things, I'll finally get there. I am good enough. I'm not an imposter. I can learn. I can grow. I can be better. I can be as good as them.

-----